`web-ext` can be installed with `brew` (#1759)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext.md

## Installation

> `web-ext` is a node-based application than can be installed it with `brew` or natively with [nodejs/npm](https://nodejs.org/) tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`web-ext` is a node-based application. You install it with `brew` or the [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/) npm tool.
```

> Installing with `brew`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install with `brew` using:
```

```shell
brew install web-ext
```

> Installing with `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install with `npm` using:
```
